{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green61\blue204;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green68\blue254;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c23922\c80000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c26667\c99608;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30260\viewh16720\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 GENERAL TERMS OF SALE\

\b0\fs24 \
Thank you for purchasing from ROLI. These General Terms of Sale ("Terms of Sale") govern the purchase of our Products and by purchasing these Products, you agree to these terms. Definitions of capitalized terms used in these Terms of Sale are located in the Interpretation Section at the end of these Terms of Sale.\
Note: If you purchased directly from one of our authorized resellers, only the warranty terms listed in Section 6 and after shall apply to you.\
\

\b\fs28 1. Online Order Process and Payment Terms
\b0\fs24 \
1.1. Upon clicking the "I Accept" button on the order page you confirm that you have read and understand these Terms of Sale and agree to be bound by them.\
\
1.2. By clicking the "Purchase" button on the order page, you confirm that you would like to purchase the Products in your cart (an "Order Request"). A binding agreement that ROLI will deliver the Products will not be formed between you and ROLI until you have paid the full amount due as set out in the Order Request and ROLI sends you an Order Confirmation with a Customer Order Number. Order Confirmations are subject to compliance with these Terms of Sale and ROLI's sole discretion. No Order Request shall be deemed accepted unless and until confirmed by an Order Confirmation from ROLI.\
\
1.3. ROLI will generally dispatch your Products within five (5) Days of your receipt of the Order Confirmation. We will try to advise you if there's a backlog or delay.\
\
1.4. Only Products listed in ROLI's Order Confirmation form part of that Contract. If you notice any inaccuracies or errors in your Order Confirmation or you have made any mistakes in the information that you have provided, you must contact ROLI promptly upon receipt, ideally immediately, so that we have the opportunity to correct any mistake or clarify any misunderstanding before commencing delivery/performance.\
\
1.5. If ROLI is unable to fulfil your order for any reason, we will notify you, and promptly return to you any payment received by us.\
\

\b\fs28 2. Right to Cancel Online Orders
\b0\fs24 \
2.1. If you purchase Products online within the EU, you have, for a short period, the right to cancel your Contract and return the Products. That period ends on the expiry of the period of fourteen (14) Days beginning on the Day after the Day on which you receive the Products ("the Cooling Off Period").\
\
2.2. If you have been informed that the Products have already been dispatched but have not yet been delivered and you choose to cancel your order at this time, you will be responsible for returning them unopened and undamaged in the original packing materials provided; and you will be liable for all return shipping and delivery costs back to ROLI's manufacturing premises.\
\
2.3. In order to exercise your right to cancel your order pursuant to section 2.1, you must notify us in writing of your wish to cancel (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or e-mail). You may use the model withdrawal form below. Once we receive your notification, we will then arrange for collection of the Products at a reasonable time. All returned Products must be in their original condition. Unless the Products are faulty or defective, all shipping, handling and return freight costs will be payable by you. We will refund you the price, less direct return freight costs we have paid on your behalf, as soon as possible and in any case within 14 Days of either: (i) receipt by us of your notice of cancellation of the Contract if the Products have not yet been dispatched to you; or (ii) receipt by us of the returned Products, if the Products have been dispatched to you. Please note that you must take reasonable care of the Products in your possession during the Cooling Off Period, and, if Products are returned to us in a damaged state, you will be responsible for any part of that damage which occurred whilst the Products were in your care or control.\
\
Model Withdrawal Form:\
\
To:\
ROLI\
2 Glebe Rd, London, E8 4BD\
E-mail: \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support@roli.com\cf0 \ulnone \
 \
\cf3 We hereby give notice that I/We withdraw from my/our contract of sale of the following products:\
Ordered on/Received on:\
Name:\
Address:\
Signature (if not\cf0 ification is on paper)\
Date:\
\
2.4. Once the Cooling Off Period has ended, you do not have the right to return your order, unless covered under warranty terms set forth below or additional terms either we or an authorized seller expressly offered you as a condition of purchase.\
\

\b\fs28 3. Online Pricing
\b0\fs24 \
3.1. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the price and specification for the Products shall be set out on the ROLI website.\
\
3.2. We reserve the right to make any changes in the specification of the Products which are required to conform with any applicable safety or other statutory or regulatory requirement.\
\
3.3. Any specified promotional items will be available free without obligation and only while stock is available.\
\
3.4. In the unlikely event of any discrepancy between the price set out in the order confirmation, and the price stated on ROLI's website or in other advertising, please contact us immediately.\
\

\b\fs28 4. Delivery and Ownership for Online Orders
\b0\fs24 \
4.1. We shall use all reasonable endeavors to deliver the Products to you. The times stated and your Delivery Date are only estimates and do not equate to actual delivery times. If you have ordered several Products at one time, the Products may be delivered on different Days. Delivery will not be of the essence unless previously agreed by us in writing. We will not be held liable for any delay in delivery caused by late settlement by the buyer of the remaining balance prior to dispatch.\
\
4.2. Products will be delivered worldwide subject to courier service levels available. If, for any reason there is a lack of availability of courier service in your area, we cannot be held liable. Products will be delivered to the address specified in the Order Confirmation and/or in any other arrangement confirmed in writing between you and ROLI. Alternatively, you may collect the Products at our premises after we have notified you that the Products are ready for collection.\
\
4.3. The Products may be delivered in advance of the Delivery Date upon reasonable notice to you.\
\
4.4. If you fail to take delivery of the Products or any part of them on the Delivery Date and/or fail to provide any instructions, documents, licences, consents or authorisations required to enable the Products to be delivered on that date, we shall be entitled, upon written notice, to store or arrange for the storage of the Products. If redelivery is required, you will be held liable for any extra courier and insurance costs and expenses.\
\
4.5. Title to the Products (except any Software included which is subject to the End User Licence Agreement) will pass to you once ROLI receives payment in full, or when we deliver the Products to you (or your representative), whichever is later. The transfer of ownership of the Products does not mean that you own any Intellectual Property Rights in the Products you purchase from ROLI. If the Contract is terminated before that passing of title in the Products occurs, we may recover any Products supplied to you and you agree to assist us in such circumstances.\
\

\b\fs28 5. Customer Support Service for all ROLI Products\
\

\b0\fs24 5.1. Should you experience any problems in using the Product during setup or installation or experience any associated user issues, you may contact the ROLI Customer Support team via email or telephone:\
\
Email:\
\cf2 \ul support@roli.com\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf3  \
P\cf0 hone:\
Within the USA\
\
5.2. We shall aim to resolve your query when you first make contact, although no resolution can be guaranteed. On occasions we may need to contact you again and to suggest a resolution or involve other experts at ROLI.\
\
5.3. The ROLI Customer Support team will endeavor to reply to your email within 24 hours (excluding weekends and holidays).\
\
5.4. Repairs under warranty will be carried out within a reasonable period. We will at all times try to meet response times estimated in correspondence with you, but actual timings may vary depending, among other factors, on the remoteness or accessibility of your location, weather conditions and availability of parts.\
\
5.5. We may provide Services via internet or telephone as appropriate. Telephone calls may be recorded for training purposes.\
\
5.6. Unless otherwise stated, you shall be responsible for all telephone and postal charges in contacting us, except when returning Products which are defective or damaged, or do not accord with the Order Confirmation.\
\

\b\fs28 6. Limited One Year Warranty\

\b0\fs24 6.1. For goods purchased in the United States and where otherwise permitted by law, ROLI warrants the Products will be free of defects in materials and manufacture under normal use for one year ("Limited One Year Warranty"). The Limited One Year Warranty term begins on the date of purchase from an authorized ROLI reseller; and proof of purchase in the form of a receipt may be required.\
\
6.2. You may have statutory rights under consumer laws and the laws of your country or state that give you greater rights than our Limited One Year Warranty described above. Accordingly, the ROLI Limited One Year Warranty is in addition to, and not instead of, your statutory rights. Further information on your rights as a consumer is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards (or your state or country equivalent).\
\
6.3. The Limited One Year Warranty provided under this section 6 will be conditioned on proper use of this product. We shall repair the Products or replace them free of charge with a functional equivalent Product that is new or refurbished at ROLI's discretion on condition that.\
\
6.4. If eligible under this Section 6, ROLI will repair the Products using parts which are new, or equivalent to new in accordance with industry standards and practice. We will bear all costs related to collection, shipping and delivery of Products for the purpose of repair. Our return procedure can be found here: \cf4 \ul \ulc4 https://roli.com/legal/returns-procedure\cf3 \ulnone .\ul \
\
\ulnone 6.5. You will own all replacement parts. We shall own any Products and/or parts that are replaced pursuant to this Limited One Year Warranty, and, if requested by ROLI or an approved distributor, you must return them to us. The costs of returning such removed parts or replaced Products will be borne by ROLI.\
\cf0 \
6.6. ROLI will pass to you, to the extent permitted, the benefit of any warranty or guarantee given by the manufacturer or supplier of Third Party Products or Third Party Software. Without prejudice to your rights against us, we may therefore ask Third Party Products manufacturers and/or Third Party Software licensors to fulfil their obligations to you under such warranties and guarantees and seek to ensure that such manufacturers and/or licensors do so with reasonable skill and care and within a reasonable period of time.\
\

\f1 7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ROLI AND ITS EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS WILL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY SUBSEQUENT OWNER FOR ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO COSTS OF RECOVERING, REPROGRAMMING, OR REPRODUCING ANY PROGRAM OR DATA OR THE LOSS OF BUSINESS, PROFITS, REVENUE OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, RESULTING FROM USE OF ROLI PRODUCTS AND ROLI'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THESE TERMS OF SALE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LIMIT OF ROLI AND ITS EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS' LIABILITY TO YOU AND ANY SUBSEQUENT OWNER ARISING UNDER THESE TERMS OF SALE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE ORIGINAL PRICE PAID FOR THE PRODUCT(S). FOR CONSUMERS IN JURISDICTIONS WHO HAVE THE BENEFIT OF CONSUMER PROTECTION LAWS OR REGULATIONS, THE BENEFITS CONFERRED BY THESE TERMS OF SALE ARE IN ADDITION TO ALL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES PROVIDED UNDER SUCH LAWS AND REGULATIONS. TO THE EXTENT THAT LIABILITY UNDER SUCH LAWS AND REGULATIONS MAY BE LIMITED, ROLI'S LIABILITY IS LIMITED, AT ITS SOLE OPTION, TO REPLACE OR REPAIR THE COVERED PRODUCT OR SUPPLY THE SERVICE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.}